Defining Availability Time Zones Documentation (#8158)
medplum/medplum: packages/docs/docs/scheduling/defining-availability.md

- **With serviceType**: Blocks only that specific service
- **Without serviceType**: Blocks all services

### Timezone per Scheduling Parameters Entry

The `timezone` parameter allows you to specify different timezones for different service types within the same Schedule. This is useful when a provider needs to define availability in different timezones for different services (e.g., a doctor who provides cardiac surgery where they might travel to in one timezone and call center availability in another timezone).

**Fallback Logic:** If no timezone is specified in the `scheduling-parameters` extension, then the availability will be interpreted in the timezone defined on the Schedule's actor reference (Practitioner, Location, or Device). It looks for the FHIR sanctioned timezone extension:

```tsx
{
  "resourceType": "Practitioner",
  "id": "dr-smith",
  "extension": [
    {
      "url": "http://hl7.org/fhir/StructureDefinition/timezone",
      "valueCode": "America/Los_Angeles"
    }
  ]
}
```

**Timezone Resolution Order:**
1. If `timezone` is specified in the `scheduling-parameters` extension, use that timezone

> 2. Otherwise, fall back to the timezone defined on the Schedule's actor reference (Practitioner, Location, or Device)

Reviewer: It might be worth explicitly adding somewhere that we will only support schedules with a single Actor reference.

**Important Notes:**
- `timezone` is only available on Schedule resources, not ActivityDefinition
- The timezone value should be an IANA timezone identifier (e.g., `America/New_York`, `America/Los_Angeles`, `America/Miami`)
- When `timezone` is specified, all `timeOfDay` values in the `availability` timing are interpreted in that timezone

Here is an example of a Schedule with multiple service types, each with its own timezone:

```tsx
{
  "resourceType": "Schedule",
  "id": "dr-smith-schedule",
  "actor": [{"reference": "Practitioner/dr-smith"}],
  "extension": [
    {
      "url": "http://medplum.com/fhir/StructureDefinition/scheduling-parameters",
      "extension": [
        {
          "url": "serviceType",
          "valueCodeableConcept": {
            "coding": [{"code": "cardiac-surgery"}]
          }
        },
        {
          "url": "timezone",

>           "valueCode": "America/Los_Angeles"

Reviewer 2: is underscore a the real thing here? 

`Los_Angeles` vs. `Los Angeles`

        },
        {
          "url": "availability",
          "valueTiming": {
            "repeat": {
              "dayOfWeek": ["mon", "tue", "wed"],
              "timeOfDay": ["11:00:00"],  // Interpreted in America/Los_Angeles
              "duration": 4,
              "durationUnit": "h"
            }
          }
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "url": "http://medplum.com/fhir/StructureDefinition/scheduling-parameters",
      "extension": [
        {
          "url": "timezone",
          "valueCode": "America/New_York"
        },
        {
          "url": "serviceType",
          "valueCodeableConcept": {
            "coding": [{"code": "call-center-availability"}]
          }
        },
        {
          "url": "availability",
          "valueTiming": {
            "repeat": {
              "dayOfWeek": ["mon", "tue", "wed"],
              "timeOfDay": ["09:00:00"],  // Interpreted in America/New_York
              "duration": 8,
              "durationUnit": "h"
            }
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

In this example:

> - Cardiac surgery availability is defined in `America/Los_Angeles` timezone (Mon-Wed 11am-3pm Pacific)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Cardiac surgery availability is defined in `America/Los_Angeles` timezone (Mon-Wed 11am-3pm America/Los Angeles)
```

> - Follow-up visit availability is defined in `America/New_York` timezone (Mon-Wed 9am-5pm Eastern)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Call Center availability is defined in `America/New_York` timezone (Mon-Wed 9am-5pm Eastern)
```
